readme.md, before:

# EuroScrapper

This is a simple webscrapper that uses curl and python to scrap some info about videogames in EuroGame!.  
This proyect was made because when I was coursing prolog I had to create a proyect with info about something of my interest, I choose videogames
and I didn't found any scrapper so I decided to create mine xd.

## THIS PROJECT IS STILL IN PROGRESS:
### TODO:
- ~~Curl the website into a html file.~~
- ~~Scrape the website.~~
- - ~~Get platforms~~
- - ~~Get Title~~
- - ~~Get release~~
- - ~~Get Genres~~
- - ~~Get Publishers~~
- - ~~Get Franchise~~
- Generate a JSON file 
- Generate e CSV file.

## How to install  
At the moment this scrapper just works with any Unix OS, Windows is not yet supported.  
In order to install you need to do 
```sh
git clone https://github.com/NexWan/euroscrapper
```
Go into the src folder and do 
```sh
python main.py
```

You are going to need to install the following dependencie with pip:
```sh
pip install beautifulsoup4
```

### NOTE 
If you are using Arch Linux is most likely that you are going to need to create your own venv with python in order to run the program.
```sh
python3 -m venv env
```
Then activate it in your terminal
```sh
source env/bin/activate
```
And you should be able to use the pip install command

Commit message:

Changes to support windows apparently

readme.md, after:

# EuroScrapper

This is a simple webscrapper that uses curl and python to scrap some info about videogames in EuroGame!.  
This proyect was made because when I was coursing prolog I had to create a proyect with info about something of my interest, I choose videogames
and I didn't found any scrapper so I decided to create mine xd.

## THIS PROJECT IS STILL IN PROGRESS:
### TODO:
- ~~Curl the website into a html file.~~
- ~~Scrape the website.~~
- - ~~Get platforms~~
- - ~~Get Title~~
- - ~~Get release~~
- - ~~Get Genres~~
- - ~~Get Publishers~~
- - ~~Get Franchise~~
- Generate a JSON file 
- Generate e CSV file.

## How to install  
~~At the moment this scrapper just works with any Unix OS, Windows is not yet supported. ~~
Apparently it works with windows (?)   
I'm not sure yet since I've only tested it on windows 11 and it worked fine.
In order to install you need to do 
```sh
git clone https://github.com/NexWan/euroscrapper
```
Go into the src folder and do 
```sh
python main.py
```

You are going to need to install the following dependencie with pip:
```sh
pip install beautifulsoup4
```

### NOTE 
If you are using Arch Linux is most likely that you are going to need to create your own venv with python in order to run the program.
```sh
python3 -m venv env
```
Then activate it in your terminal
```sh
source env/bin/activate
```
And you should be able to use the pip install command
